Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(car horn honking)
(footsteps thudding)
(objects rummaging)
- Is there anyone out there?
Enter if you dare (laughs).
Anna. are you sure you
put this folder down here?
(folder clanking)
(sighs) This.
(object clanking)
(knife thudding)
- Ciao bella.
- Who are you?
(folder thudding)
Do you have any idea who I am?
(knife thudding)
(Marsha whimpering)
(speaking in a foreign language)
(whimpers) Leave now. and I
won't have my husband kill you.
(Mario laughing)
What do you want (whimpers)?
(chokes) Don't (grunts).
- Anna.
(Marsha wheezing)
(bone crunching)
(footsteps thudding)
Anna?
(church bell ringing)
- I was thinking you'd change your mind.
- Well. it had crossed my mind.
- You got the money?
- Have I ever let you down before.
- There's always a first time.
- (sighs) Let's get a drink.
(people murmuring)
(slow rock music)
Thank you.
(Edward sighing)
I lost my wife too.
it's something you have
to live With day by day.
- My wife was murdered. and
my only daughter kidnapped.
It's not quite the same. is it?
- But they certainly
picked the wrong family
to target this time around. didn't they?
But you must be careful not to be caught.
- I'm gonna find my daughter. Edward.
(envelope rustling)
(envelope whooshing)
- That's the rest of the
cash. 5.000 Sterling.
That's all you got for the duration.
- I need more.
- There is no more.
You know Samuel Archer
has got so many people
working for him?
His web covers The globe.
he's even got links to the FBI.
You'll find photographs
of his men in here.
He's chosen a small railroad
town to do their business from
this time around. it's well off the radar.
I've included the location
with the photographs.
but that's all the information we have.
The rest of. Kit. will be down to you.
so I'm sure you'll be fine.
You've tracked human trafficking
gangs your entire career.
that should be total.
- Oh. I'll find them.
- You know. MI5 have produced
some wonderful intelligence
officers over the years.
Don't let what happened
to your wife and daughter
clouds your professionalism.
Consider this a favor.
♪ I'm telling myself ♪
I won't be sending you on to
more service stars as well.
You're lucky we're friends.
- I want to be able to look
them in the eyes. just once.
- I know.
Look. once you finish your assignment.
just get a fast train back
to London. do you understand?
- Yes. sir.
- Well. there were many
didn't want me to send you?
They said you were far too
close to the tree. so to speak.
I just hope you appreciate all my efforts.
- Anything else?
- Yeah. actually.
Listen.
when you feel ready to talk
about (stammers) about what happened.
I can be a very good listener also.
- I'll keep it in mind. thanks.
- Well. you do that.
- One more thing.
- What's that?
- When I find Samuel Archer.
I'm gonna kill him very slowly.
- You can do what you like to Archer.
just make sure you get the
first train back to London.
A cover story is already in place.
We can't have a MI5 agent found
dead in small town. England.
do you understand. Kit?
- Understood.
- Good (sighs).
When you finish your
drink. get a taxi Rosedale.
Your tickets have been
booked in advance (gulps).
All right. it's a lovely
little town you'll be visiting.
you should enjoy the peace and quiet.
Good luck.
♪ It takes it all ♪
(photos thudding)
- [Kit] You're all going to die.
(birds chirping)
- Any news on Kit?
- He arrived this morning.
He'll be out hunting already. I expect.
- Wouldn't it be easier if
Samuel just had him killed?
- I'm the one who controls Samuel.
I'm the one that pulls
the strings around here.
Anyways. It's my idea to
bring his daughter in.
It's my mess to clear up.
- That's why I love you. my
sweet little puppet master.
- If I'd know Kit was one of
us. I'd left him all alone.
- Finish your drink.
I've plans for you soon.
(gate clanking)
(car engines growling)
- Yes.
- Mark Jones?
- Yes. why?
- [Kit] I'd like to chat with you.
- Do I know ya?
- I know your boss.
- Who are you?
- Could we talk inside?
- We can talk here. here is just fine.
(Mark whimpering)
- I prefer inside.
(footsteps thudding)
(Mark grunting)
- Please. I have cash.
- I don't want money. I want information.
- Information?
- Where's your boss. Mark.
My boss?
- Where's Archer.
- I don't know.
(Mark whimpering)
- You don't have to do that.
- I'm gonna ask you one
more time. where is he?
- And if I tell ya.
what will you do to him?
- I shall kill him. Mark.
there's a very good
chance I shall kill him.
- Who are you (grunts)?
- I'm the husband of the wife
you and your boss helped to murder.
- (strains) I'm not going to help ya.
- I didn't think you'd talk so easily.
(knife thudding)
(Mark whimpering)
- Location.
- 21 First Street (whimpers).
(Mark grunting)
(knife thudding)
- Ah. that wasn't so difficult. was it?
(footsteps thudding)
(door unlatching)
- He'll be here soon.
I suggest you eat something
before they arrive.
Suit yourself.
just don't complain later
when you get hungry.
(door latching)
(footsteps thudding)
- You have the girl right here?
- You have got work to
get finished beforehand.
- And you are nothing but a slave driver.
and to think I pay you.
- You'd be lost without me.
Keeping organized has never
been your strong point.
- Valentine's daughter.
- Anna.
- Keep her back from me.
- You sure that's wise?
- I've always had a soft
spot for pretty blondes.
- Mm-hmm. and so do our clients.
You need to stop mixing
business with pleasure.
Anyway. they're ready for viewing.
Once you've cleared your desk.
I'll allow you to join us.
- You're a strict woman. Margaret.
- And that is why we have such
a good business relationship.
I like to keep everything.
and everyone in order.
- My guests here yet?
- [Margaret] Two of them.
they're being looked after.
- Good. were you expecting any more?
- No. not today.
Well. seeing we have a fresh consignment.
we're just waiting for their response.
- You think they'll buy it.
- I'd imagine so.
as long as you keep your
hands off the merchandise.
- Well. I did it have a good quarter.
I say we can ease our
foot off the gas pedal
a little bit this month.
Now that Valentine's off the radar.
it's gonna be a lot easier to do business.
- At the end of the day.
I work for you. Samuel.
I'll do whatever you ask.
- I love it when you say that
- Well. you have 10
minutes to finish this lot.
and then I'll come and get you.
(Samuel sighing)
(door unlatching)
(footsteps thudding)
(door latching)
I'll be ready for you soon.
I hope you're not gonna behave
like this with our guests.
They've come a long way to see you.
and they're willing to pay a lot of money.
- You've got no idea what
you've gotten yourself into.
have you?
- Talking in riddles again.
- When my father finds
out. I've been taken.
you're going to find
yourself in a lot of trouble.
- Do you think the other girls
don't say the same thing?
You need to understand we've
been doing this a long time.
and we are very careful.
- This time. it's going to be different.
- How so?
- You'll find out soon enough.
- You're very beautiful. Anna.
but I'll need to tidy you up a bit
before you meet the others.
- You can keep your hands off me.
- It's best not to fight them. my sweet.
- My advice is to just
go along for the ride.
The girls who survive are the ones
who play the dutiful girlfriend.
You're about to start a new life.
The sooner you accept your
sudden change in circumstances.
the better.
If you fight them.
they'll just replace you.
These a rich and powerful
people we're dealing with.
do you understand what I'm telling you?
- I don't need your advice.
- I'm trying to help you.
- (sneers) Cut my ropes.
and help me that way.
- And risk losing my own life?
There are limits to my kindness.
- I'm surprised you even sleep at night.
- I play my role. now I
have everything I want.
I suggest you do the same.
- I'd rather die than lose my soul.
(slap thudding)
- Then. you'll learn the hard way.
One day. you'll understand.
I was trying to help.
- I'll be long gone
before that day arrives.
- That's what they all say.
- This time. it's going to be different.
- They all say that too.
- You're going to die. I
want you to understand that.
- I don't frighten easily.
- (chuckles) That's what they all say.
(birds chirping)
(tense dramatic music)
- I'm sorry. have we met?
- I don't believe so.
- I would have remembered
your face in this little town.
- I arrived last night.
- I see.
- My name's Kit.
- Simone.
- Sorry. you just remind
me of somebody I once knew.
- Someone nice I hope.
- Very much so.
- Are you here for work. Kit?
- Something like that.
- Well. it's lovely meeting you.
I should run along now.
- Well. perhaps
we can meet again.
- Yes. I'd like that.
I often take a stroll in the evenings
in one of the local parks.
- Do you have a favorite book?
I'd be interested in making a new friend.
- Maybe Queens park this evening.
Eight might be a good time to try.
(tense ominous music)
(guest yawning)
- I really hope they don't
keep us waiting here all day.
- They're usually very punctual.
- I paid enough money.
I bloody well hope so.
- This is my third time.
The quality is very good. my friend.
- Stand there. and
smile. I guess to say it.
Our guest is here.
- Wonder.
- Blimey.
- [Margaret] How nice of you to join us.
- Your team has done well this time.
- [Margaret] Thank you.
- And a very warm welcome to you both.
- The pleasure's all ours.
- Trust you both are happy.
- Absolutely.
- Would you care for a
drink before we start?
- Just a glass of water
for me. I'm a teetotaler.
- Very well.
- [Margaret] Drinks are on their way.
- Thank you. Margaret.
A bite to eat perhaps?
- I have already eaten.
- Very well.
- I'm very impressed. Samuel.
You have exceeded yourself this time.
- Well. we went out of our way
to bring you the very best quality.
We went through a great
deal of trouble (sighs).
(Anna grunting)
- I'm so glad you're both happy.
Can't tell you how pleased that makes me.
- So we'll start the bidding.
I say we get this show on the road.
- Cool.
(footsteps thudding)
- I didn't think you'd show up.
- I'm not that kind of person.
I would never agree to meet
someone. then not show.
Wouldn't want that done to me.
- You seem upset. are you okay?
- You're staring at me.
- I'm sorry. you just remind
me of someone very special.
You look just like her.
- Your girlfriend?
- My wife. she was very beautiful.
- I see.
Did she leave you?
- Well. you could put it that way (sighs).
- I don't understand
- She was murdered.
- Oh my gosh. I'm so sorry.
I can't imagine what you
must be going through.
- You learn to cope with it.
- I couldn't.
- (sighs) Anyway.
Why are you so unhappy?
- Nothing. I.
I just haven't heard back
from my friend today. so.
- I'm sure they'll call.
- Yes. I expect they will.
- I've lost you.
- Sorry.
- You look so deep in thought.
- (chuckles) I was thinking of my wife.
- I understand.
- One day. I'll find the
man that took her life.
- Perhaps that man is out
there looking for you too.
- Oh. I hope so.
- It's not healthy to
hold in all that anger.
- It's what keeps me alive.
- It could end up costing you it.
- I'll take my chances (sighs).
I'm sure your friend'll call.
- You know I wasn't thinking about that.
I was thinking of.
I was thinking that it
would be wise for you
to leave this town as soon
as possible. Mr. Valentine.
- Care you explain why?
- Sometimes you just can't fight back.
not when they have something on you.
- I'm not sure I follow you.
Are you leaving?
- I have a lot to do this evening.
- I see.
- It was lovely meeting you again.
I wish it would have been
under better circumstances.
- The feeling is mutual.
- You're very peculiar.
man. Mr. Valentine.
- Unusual circumstances
can do that to someone.
- You take care.
I hope you enjoy your
stay in our lovely town.
and I hope someday you find a new love.
- Oh. just when I was beginning
to enjoy my own company.
- You'll find love again
when you least expect it.
Goodbye. Mr. Valentine.
(door unlatching)
(footsteps thudding)
(gun clanking)
(Kit sighing)
- Do you make a habit
of seducing married men?
(Anna chuckling)
- Just when I have the time.
- Why me?
- Why not you?
- I hope you're going to untie me after.
- I won't have to soon.
(knife whooshing)
(door unlatching)
(door creaking)
(door latching)
- Anna?
Anna?
(door unlatching)
- Father?
- We agreed not to do this again.
- I'm sorry.
- You're promised (pants)!
- You are so weak. Dad. I can't
bear to see you like this.
- It'll pass. you know it'll pass.
- I couldn't stand it. it's
killing me to see you suffer.
- We need to clear this mess
up. before mother gets back.
- Yeah. leave it to me.
I'll have it spotless
before she gets back.
- This has to be the last time.
- You have to feed.
- This has to be the last
time we do this. Anna.
Do you understand?
- Daddy. you know I'd do anything for you.
- I'm serious. this has to stop.
This is our home. our sanctuary.
- I know (sighs).
(person knocking)
- Who is it?
- It's me.
(Kit sighing)
(light clicking)
(door unlatching)
Boo.
You really know how to
impress a girl. Kit.
(door latching)
- Did you follow me?
- I did.
- Could you get me a drink?
I'd like one.
(bottle clanking)
A glass would be nice.
- Don't push your luck.
- Take a seat. I just
might share this with you.
- I don't really know you. do I?
- That's funny. I was just
thinking the same thing.
(Kit sighing)
- Have you lived here now long?
- Long enough.
- Didn't want to explore?
It's a big world out there.
- You wouldn't ask that if you
knew how this town operated.
- People run away all the time. were
what makes this town so special?
- If only you knew.
Look. I didn't come
here to be interrogated.
So let's just stop with all the questions.
- What did you come here for?
(person knocking)
- Well. someone's popular.
- Who is it?
- Who the hell are you?
- I said. who is it?
Yes?
- Someone out there wanted
to see you urgently.
- Does this person have a name?
- Oh. they didn't wanna give me a name?
- What does he look like?
- Well. I would say he's in his early 40s.
short black hair. had a stern expression.
Do you know him?
- Not yet.
- I'm going.
- You don't have to leave.
I'll be 10 minutes. wait here for me.
- 10 minutes. that's all I'm giving you.
(door latching)
- That's quite a catch.
- Not my type.
- I said that about my wife 20 years ago.
- Send me an anniversary card. shall we?
- Follow me.
- You're in a great deal
of danger. Mr. Valentine.
- It's common in my line of work.
- I know we both took
the same career path.
- MI5?
- We know why you're here.
We heard about your wife and daughter too.
my sincere condolences.
- I'm not leaving here
until Archer's dead.
- I had a feeling you were gonna say that.
- I didn't catch your name.
- You can call me Marshall.
- You know Edward?
- Edward did a very poor job.
Your cover was blown
before you left London.
Edward's first-class. I guess
I'll have to take your word
on that. Marshall.
- The very fact we're talking
should raise alarm bells.
- What exactly do you want?
- I want you to leave town.
that's what I want. I don't
care if you kill Samuel.
is that clear?
- I'm not leaving here
until Archer's dead. is
that clear enough for ya?
- Get your business sorted this evening.
We can't have dead bodies lying around.
- I'll even send a chap to
pick you up if you like.
I'm very friendly that way.
- I'll make my own way if
it's all the same to you.
- Well. that's fine. I wish
you the very best of British.
Oh. by the way. the station
serves a very fine coffee.
I'd take advantage of
that fact if I were you
(footsteps thudding)
(person knocking)
(door unlatching)
(door squeaking)
- Is anyone here?
(door latching)
I have your parcel.
Is there someone there?
- You're five minutes late.
- (stammers) I'm sorry.
I got stuck in traffic.
- Put the parcel on the floor.
(deliveryman thudding)
(deliveryman grunting)
- Well. that's wasn't very polite of ya.
- I'm about do a spot of decorating.
I was thinking dark red
would suit this room.
Don't you want to know
what's in the parcel?
- Look. I'm just Here
to earn a few pounds.
I don't need to know
what's in that parcel.
(package rummaging)
- You like it?
- What's it for?
- It's for your blood.
- Excuse me?
(deliveryman gagging)
(speaking in a foreign language)
- Deep breath and count to 10. my lovely.
(deliveryman grunting)
(deliveryman choking)
(blood pouring)
- Fantastic. the finest in adrenochrome.
(speaking in a foreign language)
Samuel will pay big money for this.
- Forget about Samuel.
Go to Martin direct. and
cut out the middleman.
we'll make so much more.
- Good point.
(speaking in a foreign language)
(lips smooching)
(footsteps thudding)
- Well?
- I tried to warn him off.
- And did he take your advice?
- Would you listen if I killed
a member of your family?
- So we get rid of him.
- It's beginning to look that way?
- I think it's for the best.
- You still got my back?
- Always
(footsteps thudding)
- Afternoon.
- Jesus.
- Are you really the best they could find?
- Excuse me?
(Bobby grunting)
- I'd stop moving
if I was you.
- I am late
for an appointment.
- Who with?
- My doctor.
- Well. you look fine to me.
- Well. looks can be deceiving.
I have a heart condition.
and if it goes checked
out (grunts). I could die.
- I'm gonna ask you one more time.
Who sent you to follow me?
- You're hurting me.
- I don't care.
(Bobby squirming)
- Marshall sent me. Marshall.
- Marshall. well that does surprise me.
I held him in higher esteem.
(Bobby panting)
- You're not going to
kill me now. are you?
- You're not worth killing.
I'll feel embarrassed taking your life.
- I agree.
Can I go now?
- You're free to leave.
- Is there anything else you
would like me to tell Marshall?
- Yeah. tell him to back off.
I'm not the sort of man that
likes to be put in a corner.
- Sure. it was nice meeting you.
and I certainly hope that you
find what you're looking for.
- Oh. I'm sure I will.
(car horn honking)
(Kit sighing)
- The lady left.
- You should have been a detective.
- [Owner] She gave me
this note to give to ya.
- How sweet of her.
- [Owner] You want to read it or not?
- Why not. I could do
with some entertainment.
Is there something I can do for you.
- Well. it's just. I wondered
if you wanted a bite to eat.
Kitchen's been open for over an hour.
- I'm not hungry.
- We get a lot of our income from meals.
I think you can probably understand
in a small town like this one.
we don't get too many guests.
- I'll drop by the local food bank.
Rustle up a couple of guests for you.
- You've got an answer for
everything. haven't ya?
- I try.
- Well. I'll be downstairs if you need me.
the kitchen's open until
10 just so you know.
- Appreciate it.
(footsteps thudding)
(paper rummaging)
(drill whirring)
- Any updates?
- We have him.
Oh gross..
He's in a safe house with Sasha.
and the rest of the gang
as we speak (sighs).
- Good work.
- You look exhausted.
Can I pour you a drink?
- I won't say no.
- [Marshall] I need to
get him straight away.
- I think Finchy would
want a play at him first?
- He needs to be killed ASAP.
- What's the rush?
- Sasha knows where he's staying.
- You got no idea what
you're playing with.
(Brian laughing)
I don't care.
I've done my job.
I found the guy. spring him in.
and now. I just want my money.
You said I could have
a little extra reward
if I was a good boy. and did a good job.
- I think you've earned
a bit of play time.
- What do you say. Michelle?
- You're the boss. I just do as I'm told.
- Good to know.
You've got 10 minutes.
- I need longer.
- 10 minutes. or we kick you out.
(Kit panting)
- Kit!
Kit. wake up!
Wake up. kit!
(Kit grunting)
Don't fight it.
- Where am I?
- I'm trying to stop them.
I begged them to let you go.
- Dave your tears. I'm not interested.
- Believe me.
- Where am I?
- A house belonging to Samuel.
- Samuel Archer. so you work for him too.
- I won't let them kill you.
- Oh. I won't die that easily.
You'll find that out soon enough.
- I told them to leave you alone.
- You didn't try hard enough.
- Everybody wants you dead.
Archer runs everything in this town.
- I had a feeling you knew Archer.
I came here to kill him.
- Why?
- Oh. don't play dumb.
He's in possession of
something very valuable to me.
and I think you know everything
that's going on in this little town .
- I have no idea what
you're talking about.
- Your little gang took my only daughter.
- I wasn't involved in that.
- And the other girls?
- My younger sister.
You have no idea how deep this goes.
- Oh. I understand very well.
See it's my job to understand.
They just stole from
the wrong guy this time.
Nothing to say?
- You should've left this
town when you had the chance.
- Where it's Archer?
Simone?
- You don't know what you've walked into.
- I asked you a question.
- This is a very small town.
and there are many people involved.
- I think I'm beginning
to get the picture.
- I don't think there's
anything I can do for you now.
- Well. you could untie
my hands for a start.
Just as I thought.
- If I get you out of here.
will you take me with you?
Will you take me far away from this place?
I think that I would go anywhere with you.
- I'm not the man you think I am?
- Let me be the judge of that.
- I think you're a good soul.
- Simone.
(door unlatching)
(footsteps thudding)
(Bobby sighing)
- I'm sorry it had to end like this.
- Edward?
- You were getting far
too good at your job.
You were beginning to cost us.
- Cost you?
- I should have killed
you when I had the chance.
- You caught me on a bad day.
- I'm not afraid of you.
- Just wait.
- We knew you'd follow your daughter.
- Archer bought you off?
- Archer buys everybody off.
We were making a killing
'til you showed up.
Human trafficking is a
very lucrative business.
- You won't see your daughter again?
- You're gonna pay for that.
(Sasha laughing)
- I don't think you're in
any position to make threats.
- Mr. Archer is not happy.
His men found Mark's body
You really do have to disappear.
(punch thudding)
(Kit grunting)
(Bobby laughing)
- Not such a tough guy
anymore. are ya (laughs)?
- Leave. Mr. Valentine alone.
Bobby. there's a good chap.
- What did you do with my daughter?
- You really have to ask.
She was stolen to order. Kit.
- And we got a good price for her too.
- I am gonna rip your heart out.
- Oh. Anna was so young and beautiful.
- Satanic ritual?
- We're not the gang that
steals girls like her to order.
but then you should know this.
It was your job to track such gangs.
- I was selected especially
to hunt people like you.
- We know that. you're the
best. that's why you had to go.
Interpol.
MI%. they all take a juicy cuts.
you were beginning to rock
a very lucrative blunt.
- That's not what I meant.
I was chosen for other
reasons. specific reasons.
- And what might they be?
- Gangs like yours.
beginning to tread on our toes too.
- I don't follow you.
- My people have a taste for fresh blood.
- Your people?
- You're not the only secret
society that operates with MI5.
Only we've been around
for a very long time.
- No. you're just talking in riddles.
- [Sasha] She was very pretty.
(Kit sighing)
- Sasha. be quiet. this
doesn't have to get ugly.
This is only business.
These thing's never personal.
You were ruining our business.
we had to find some way to lure you here.
plus we've got to make
cash from Anna's sale.
It was a win-win situation.
- Where is she?
- Oh. it really doesn't matter now.
- Tell me where my daughter is.
- I'm afraid you're far too late.
your daughter is dead. Mr. Valentine.
Let that be the end of the matter.
Now. I shall spare you
the gruesome details.
- Oh. I'm sure you know
what these groups get up to.
(Edward chuckles)
Anyway.
I did my homework.
She's not even your real daughter. is she?
Can't you have children. Mr. Valentine.
- By choice.
- Choice?
- Bad blood.
- Oh.
- I am going to kill you all.
- Well. so you keep saying.
Though I'm sure under
normal circumstances.
we'd all be in a great deal of trouble.
(all laughing)
- I'll be trying to make your passing
as painless as possible.
Believe me when I tell you.
I take no pleasure in
killing a fellow agent.
especially one as good as you.
- [Kit] You get your dirty hands off me.
[Sasha Laughing]
- This is going to hurt a lot.
I will do my best to cause
as much pain as possible.
- [Edward] Sasha. just
get on with it. will you?
- Just having a little fun. my love.
You always spoil my fun (laughs).
- I am looking so forward
to watching you die.
(laughs) I'm gonna get a lot.
Oh. I'm gonna get a lot
of pleasure out of this.
- I'm so sorry.
(woman panting)
- Why?
Why are they doing this (sobs)?
(speaking in a foreign language)
Why are you taking me away from my family?
- I'm going to see the boss
now. I'll ask him for you.
- (sobs) please.
(speaking in a foreign language)
(sobs) Please (whimpers).
(sobs) Please.
I have a daughter. please.
Take me away from here please (sobs).
No. please (sobs). no. please. please.
Please. please. no (sobs).
No. please (sobs).
Please. don't. no. no (sobs).
(bones crushing)
No (sobs).
- It's rude to point (laughs).
(lips smooching)
Ciao bella (laughs).
(woman sobbing)
(Mario laughing)
(car engine growling)
- I hope to serve you well this evening.
(chalice thudding)
(Samuel sighing)
(Samuel slurping)
(footsteps thudding)
- The other girl fetched a good price.
Clients were very happy.
(Samuel sighing)
- This will make us wealthy too one day.
- She'll have to change her
attitude before that can happen.
- She'll earn us some men.
- You'll have a long wait.
- She's spirited. we have
clients who like that.
- Go to hell.
- That's my goal.
- [Margaret] What shall we do with her?
- She'll come with me.
Finish your shift for the evening.
- Very well.
- Do you have any work left to complete?
- Bits and pieces.
- I'll leave the keys with
you if that's the case.
- Fine. hope you sleep well tonight?
- I'm sure I will.
(Samuel panting)
(Samuel grunting)
- Are you gonna give me any trouble?
- It's not me you have to worry about.
- What does that mean?
- You'll see soon enough.
I'll see you tomorrow. Margaret.
(footsteps thudding)
- I'm so sorry it had to end this way.
(Kit sighing)
- What is it like knowing
that you're about to die?
- I wouldn't be so sure.
- I admire your courage.
I will say that much for you.
Hey. do you mind?
I was just talking to this lovely man.
- Keep your distance. Bitch.
- That's no way to talk to a close friend.
I'm sure he wasn't
raised to talk that way.
You should be ashamed.
- I said keep your distance.
- And if I don't?
- Then I'll scratch your eyes out.
(Sasha laughing)
- Well.
I will leave you with your man. Simone.
I advise you two enjoy every last second.
He won't be around for much longer.
- One more word. Sasha. one more.
and I swear to God. I will kill you.
- That thing I needed to tell you.
- I'm not interested. Simone.
- It's about your
daughter. you need to know.
- What about her?
- Is she hurt. Simone?
- They're lying to you. she's still alive.
(Kit sighing)
- She's still alive?
- Very much so.
Shit.
Is she hurt. Simone?
- They will harm her. I know that much.
- Where is she?
- What difference does it make it?
There's nothing you can do to save her.
- Tell me where they're
keeping my daughter.
- Hey.
move.
You know Mr. Valentine.
I sure hope it takes a
long time for you to die.
- It's not my time to die.
- Oh. really (laughs)?
What makes you so sure?
- Don't torment him.
- Quiet.
I asked you a question.
- You. you should be very afraid (pants)!
(Bobby laughing)
- Afraid (laughs)?
Why. why should I be afraid?
(Kit panting)
- Never cross a vampire.
- (laughs) A what?
What is happening in your face?
(Kit grunting)
(Kit growling)
What's happening to his face!
Oh God!
(footsteps thudding)
(Edward thudding)
(Edward grunting)
(Kit hissing)
(knife whooshing)
(knife thudding)
(Edward grunting)
(footsteps thudding)
(door clanking)
- (pants) What are you?
(plastic rustling)
- You've done this before?
- Once or twice each century.
I'm very picky.
(Brian chuckling)
- Each century?
- Be quiet. and just enjoy.
- (laughs) This is gonna be fun.
- It will be.
(Michelle hissing)
- [Brian] What the hell
is going on (pants).
- Are you having a fun time. my sweet
- What the hell are you?
(screams) Oh god (pits)!
- I like to nibble a bit (laughs).
(glass shattering)
- This is intolerable.
Simply intolerable.
Is this some kind of joke.
If you're playing silly buggers.
then you're messing with
the wrong woman. Jesus.
- You've been a close
friend of Samuel Archer
for many years now. Margaret.
you really should learn
to keep better company.
- What do you want?
- I want to know where Samuel is.
- And then?
You took My daughter from me.
- Daughter?
- Anna. her name is Anna.
You took her from me.
and then you killed her mother.
- I don't know what you mean.
- You really need to leave.
it's getting late (whimpers).
I need to lock up.
- You've been running a
human trafficking ring
for decades now.
Supplying young girls to wealthy clients.
clients who dabble in the black arts.
- You need to leave.
You need to leave now (whimpers).
You see. I know all about
your little operation.
It's my job to disrupt gangs like yours.
- Do you want me to call the police?
- The irony is you were
supplying practicing Satanists.
Only your men stole from
the real undead this time.
Couldn't help find that amusing.
- You stay away from me (gasps).
- Where is she?
- I told you I don't know.
- Where is my daughter?
Where is Samuel Archer?
(Margaret gagging)
Oh that's better.
Now. that wasn't so difficult. was it?
(Margaret grunting)
(bone crunching)
You really should have run
when you had the chance.
(Kit grunting)
(Kit panting)
(cash whirring)
- He's coming?
- Marshall Mabus. (speaking
in a foreign language).
you look a bit tired.
- I've been out in the sun too long.
- Care for the sun. lapis lazuli.
How is the lovely Michelle?
- She's having a bite to eat.
- I'll be joining her later.
- And Anne.
- Oh. she's with Samuel.
- I'm so glad you're happy with my work.
- Where's my adrenochrome.
(footsteps thudding)
(speaking in a foreign language)
- Like nectar to the gods.
- Where's my money?
- I need my fix on. baby.
- Be patient.
(speaking in a foreign language) .
- He's not making any sense.
- Too many murders can do that to a man.
and he was getting far too expensive.
(gunshots booming)
(Mario panting)
(Mario grunting)
(speaking in a foreign language)
Well. that's perfect. are we. ladies?
- Quite.
(cellphone dinging)
- Yes.
- [Mike] Where in the hell are you?
- Why are you shouting. Mike?
I couldn't hear you.
- I was worried about you.
- There's no need to lose your temper.
- Are you on your way home.
- Yes. I'm on my way home.
- It's late.
- I was studying late.
Why are you behaving like this?
You need to stop behaving like this.
I have a test in a few weeks.
I'm already under a lot of stress.
- [Mike] You'll be home soon?
- Yes. I'll be home soon.
- [Mike] You still there?
Hello?
- (stammers) I need to go now.
- [Mike] Mia. Mia?
(object squishing)
(Mia panting)
- Hey.
slow down.
- Please. just help me.
- Help you?
- we have to run.
- Run where (laughs)?
Run from what?
(object clanking)
What's going on?
Is someone chasing you?
- (stammers) don't speak.
- You don't have to be afraid. you know?
I'm ex-military I can
handle a couple of drunks.
What's your name?
You're very pretty.
Get your filthy hands off me.
- Don't you think I
deserve a little something
for helping you?
- Screw you (pants).
- I was only being friendly.
(car engine growling)
(object squirming)
(Kit hissing)
Don't you come any closer. no. I tell you?
I'll call the police.
(Kit laughing)
Stay back.
I won't tell you again.
- You can't ignore me all night.
Come to me.
Don't make me fetch you.
Are you hungry.
- No.
- Water?
- [Anna] I'm not thirsty.
- Very well.
(object clanking)
- He's here.
- Who?
- My father.
- Nobody knows where
you are except for me.
- He'll find you.
That's a lot of noise for
such a small town. isn't it?
- Be quiet.
- Are you frightened?
(slap thudding)
- You're the only one who
needs to understand fear.
I've waited a long time
for someone like you.
- She should enjoy every minute.
you don't have much time left.
- Oh. I'm gonna enjoy you.
don't you worry about that.
- Look. you could still let me go.
I'll even put in a good word for you.
- (laughs)I answer to no man.
- My father is more than just a man.
- Do you know how many men
I've killed with my bare hands?
- That doesn't frighten me.
I could break your neck
right now. do you understand?
- But you won't. you'd
miss me far too much?
- What are you?
- Something you'll never able to control?
- I want you
to want me.
that's all.
- I will. just not the way you think.
(person knocking)
- Oh.
it looks like you could have guests.
Perhaps my father has
arrived sooner than expected.
- Be quiet.
- He'll be very pleased
to meet you. I can tell you that much.
(person knocking)
- I'm gonna go check outside.
- I'd stay here if I were you.
it's better to die in
your bed than out there
in the dark and cold.
(slap thudding)
- One more word out of you.
I'm gonna put a bullet between
those pretty eyes of yours.
do you understand?
- It wouldn't have the
effect you were looking for.
- What do you mean?
- Just been toying with you.
- Toy?
(person knocking)
- Go. go and see what's outside.
I'll still be here when you get back.
- I wish you'd stop
speaking in those riddles..
- I have to keep you
on your toes. don't I?
- You just wait here until I get back.
- Of course. anything you say
(Anna sighing)
I know you're out there.
We'll be together again soon.
(body squishing)
- Hands-off. bitch. that piece is mine.
- Yours. I did all the dirty work.
- Dirty. you can say that again.
- What's your mouth.
- Watch yours.
(Marshall grunting)
(body squishing)
(cellphone dinging)
- Samuel?
- [Samuel] Kid escaped.
I hear all kind of crazy tales.
This is your fault. boss. you sent Mario.
and it was your pick.
Who the hell is this kid anyway?
- Stop worrying. it'll be sorted.
- Brought you all here.
'cause I want to start hearing
some answers.
All this talk of monsters and shit.
I found Margaret laying down on the floor!
It took me an hour to clean up her body.
I wanna start hearing the truth.
You start.
- He was huge.
- Don't exaggerate.
- He was like. I don't
know. over eight feet tall.
- I saw everything.
Stop lying.
- I'm not. look (grunts).
- Imbecile. you know I made a
big mistake hiring this idiot.
- I couldn't have put it better myself.
- Did you follow 'em?
- No. we were too scared (whimpers).
- Scared?
I pay you both not to be afraid.
- You didn't see him.
You wouldn't understand.
- Are you saying Bobby's
telling the truth?
- Partly.
- I didn't deserve that boss.
- Would you like another one?
- He wasn't human.
(Samuel laughing)
- I'm telling the truth.
- She is.
- You're trying to cover for his tracks.
- You let him escape.
- No.
- Do you think I'm stupid.
- You didn't see him.
If you saw him. you'd believe.
He changed right before eyes.
- Do you believe me now?
- Be quiet.
- You can still get away
if you leave now.
- sit down.
No one's leaving.
We stay here 'til first light.
(Anna laughing)
- You won't be alive by tomorrow morning
(objects clanking)
- What was that?
- You had your chance.
- We need to Leave.
- Stay where you are.
One more footstep. and
I'll kill you both myself.
- Bullets will have no
effect on my father.
- You don't understand.
we need to leave now.
- The idiot's right for once.
- [Bobby] Can you see anything?
- He won't reveal himself to you.
you'll only see him when it's too late.
- Shut up.
- [Sasha] Kill the bitch
- [Bobby] If you don't kill her. I will.
- Get the car keys from my desk. Bobby.
- Yes. boss.
- Where shall we go?
- I have safe houses scattered
around. we'll be safe there.
- (laughs) That's what you think.
- What about her?
There is plenty like this one.
We'll get you a new toy. give me the gun.
Ready when you are. boss.
- Can I please just come.
and watch you all die?
- Kill her!
(electricity whooshing)
Are you kidding me. right?
- Stand close.
- Get off me.
(Samuel whimpering)
- Sasha?
Bobby (whimpers)?
Where's everyone.
- He's here.
(body thudding)
- Anna?
- Father.
- What are you?
- I am a friend of the night.
(Samuel grunting)
(Samuel gagging)
(gunshot booming)
- Father?
- Anna!
- Father (pants)?
Father?
- Anna please.
- I'm going to die.
- It's not your time
yet. it's the only way.
- Just let me go.
(teeth crunching)
(gun clanking)
- I'm gonna find you. Kit.
I'm gonna find you both.
(gun cocking)
- You know. it was the only way.
- I know.
- Well. now you're stuck
with me for eternity.
- Sounds quite good to me. Dad.
- Are you hungry?
- I'm gonna be the one
who treats you this time.
- Very well.
- We must be quick though.
we can't miss our train back to London.
- After you.
- We have rich pickings
to choose from here.
- Well. just make sure it's
a good vintage this time.
- I shall. and then?
- And then. we go back to our nest.
(birds chirping)